website: example of python function app (#15460)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/function_app.html.markdown

}
```
~> **Note:** Version `~3` is required for Linux Function Apps.

> ~> **Note:** Linux Function Apps will be available separately as `azurerm_linux_function_app` **as an opt-in Beta** in [the upcoming version 3.0 of the Azure Provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/guides/3.0-overview).

Reviewer: There's a deprecation notice coming for this resource as it's being superseded.
```suggestion
```

## Example Usage (Python in a Consumption Plan)

```hcl
resource "azurerm_resource_group" "example" {

>   name     = "azure-functions-cptest-rg"

Reviewer: The convention in these examples is to use `example` over `test`
```suggestion
  name     = "azure-functions-example-rg"
```

  location = "West Europe"
}

resource "azurerm_storage_account" "example" {

>   name                     = "functionsapptestsa"

Reviewer: as above
```suggestion
  name                     = "functionsappexamlpesa"
```

  resource_group_name      = azurerm_resource_group.example.name
  location                 = azurerm_resource_group.example.location
  account_tier             = "Standard"
  account_replication_type = "LRS"
}

resource "azurerm_app_service_plan" "example" {

>   name                = "azure-functions-test-service-plan"

Reviewer: as above
```suggestion
  name                = "azure-functions-example-sp"
```

  location            = azurerm_resource_group.example.location
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.example.name
  kind                = "Linux"
  reserved            = true

  sku {
    tier = "Dynamic"
    size = "Y1"
  }

  lifecycle {
    ignore_changes = [
      kind
    ]
  }
}

resource "azurerm_function_app" "example" {

>   name                       = "test-azure-functions"

Reviewer: as above
```suggestion
  name                       = "example-azure-function"
```

  location                   = azurerm_resource_group.example.location
  resource_group_name        = azurerm_resource_group.example.name
  app_service_plan_id        = azurerm_app_service_plan.example.id
  storage_account_name       = azurerm_storage_account.example.name
  storage_account_access_key = azurerm_storage_account.example.primary_access_key
  os_type                    = "linux"
  version                    = "~4"

  app_settings {
    FUNCTIONS_WORKER_RUNTIME = "python"
  }

  site_config {
    linux_fx_version = "python|3.9"
  }
}
```

> ~> **Note:** While you can develop your Python based Azure Functions locally on Windows, Python is only supported on a Linux based hosting plan when running in Azure.  See [the documentation for additional information](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-reference-python).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> **Note:** The Python runtime is only supported on a Linux based hosting plan.  See [the documentation for additional information](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-reference-python).
```
